Implement upstream error obfuscation (#102)
ldebruijn/graphql-protect: README.md

* [Persisted Operations](docs/protections/persisted_operations.md)
* [Block Field Suggestions](docs/protections/block_field_suggestions.md)

> * [Exclude subgraph errors](docs/protections/exclude_subgraph_errors.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Obfuscate response errors](docs/protections/obfuscate_response_errors.md)
```

* _Max Directives (coming soon)_
* _Cost Limit (coming soon)_

Curious why you need these features? Check out this [Excellent talk on GraphQL security](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyB2UKsEkqA&list=PLP1igyLx8foE9SlDLI1Vtlshcon5r1jMJ) on YouTube.

## Nice to know

> Currently request compression is not supported, we're open for contributions : )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently handling response encoding from the upstream is not supported, we're open for contributions : )
```
